Mobile application development is the process to making software for smart phones and digital assistants, most commonly for Android and iOS. The software can be preinstalled on the device, downloaded from a mobile app
store or accessed through a mobile web browser. Theprogramming and markup languages used for this kind of software development include Java,Swift, C# and HTML5.Mobile app development is rapidly growing. From retail, 
telecommunications and ecommerce to insurance, healthcare and government, organizations across industries must meetuser expectations for real-time, convenient ways to conduct transactions and access information.Today, 
mobile devices and the mobile applications that unlock their value are the most popularway for people and businesses to connect to the internet. To stay relevant, responsive andsuccessful, organizations need to develop 
the mobile applications that their customers, partners and employees demand.Yet mobile application development might seem daunting. Once you’ve selected the OS platform or platforms, you need to overcome the limitations
of mobile devices and usher your app all the way past the potential hurdles of distribution. Fortunately, by following a few basic guidelines and best practices, you can streamline your applicationdevelopment journey.
We can start explaining mobile development, which is not aboutbuilding phone apps, though it is a huge part of it. Actually, It’s doing any reasonably development for any kind of mobile devices such as developing apps
for phones, tablets, smart watches, and every form of wearable devices that runany kind of mobile operating system.Mobile development presents a reasonably distinctive chance for a one-person development team to build 
an actual, usable, significant app end-to-end during a comparatively short period. However, mobile apps development represents more than just a chance for the solo-developer to create their own project as it is arguably
the longer term of development, as mobile devices are getting larger and bigger parts of our lives.
